0.  Colors each image format supports:
     1. BMP = have variants but most common is 24-bit, 16.7 million colours,
              can have maximum 32-bit, 4.2 billion colours        
     2. GIF= 8-bit or 256 colors
     3. JPG= 24-bit or 16.7 million colours most common
     4. PNG = have variants but most common is 24-bit or 16.6 million colours, 
              maximum is 256 tera colours.

1.  GIF 

2.  Lossy compression - All original data cannot be recovered after decompression.
                        It throws away information in favor of file size.                
                        Jpeg image format uses lossy compression.
    Lossless compression - It retains all data after decompression, also a 
                        technique of choice for compressing text data.
                        Image files that uses this technique are GIF & PNG.
                        

3.  JPEG

4.  The filename's first character is modified to mark it as deleted. The file still 
    exist on the disk but the reference is removed. Clusters occupied by the file
    can be recycled or overwritten.
    
5.  There reliable free and commercil file shredder softares, I can use to make deleted files unrecoverable.
    Most tools overwrites the file contents with null values.
    
6.  <stdint.h> is a header file for standard C library, includes  macros and typedefs of various int data sizes.
    It was created for C portability in manipulating different data size and registers on various machines.
    
    
7.  Is to allocate the exact amount of integer data, example is to exactly represent the bitmap header data structure,
    without worrying about code portability issues.
    
8. On 32-bit machine:
BYTE = 1 byte
DWORD= 4 bytes
LONG = 4 bytes
WORD = 2 bytes

9.  
ascii = BM 
hex = 0x424d

10. 
bfSize = total of bytes in the bitmap file.
biSize = is the number of bytes in the bitmap info header, which is 40 bytes for bitmap.


11. negative biHeight =  a bitmap with top-down DIB, the origin at the upper left corner.

12. biBitCount

13. If the file does not exist.

14. A parameter specifies the number of elements to read, it only requires 1 struct.

15. padding value must be 3.

16. It moves the disk read head to a specified location in file.

17. A constant integer passed indicates the whence parameter to fseek function and variants.
    It tells the function that offset provided is relative to the current seek position.
   
18. please see verdict.bmp file it's Rick Astley.
